[docs] Clear up default logging, showing you don't need to pass a logger (#9408)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/extensions/logging.rst

#######

Lightning supports the most popular logging frameworks (TensorBoard, Comet, etc...).

> By default Lightning uses `TensorBoard <https://www.tensorflow.org/tensorboard>`__ logging, storing logs to a directory (by default in ``lightning_logs/``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Lightning uses `PyTorch TensorBoard <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/tensorboard.html>`__ logging which uses `Tensorflow TensorBoard <https://www.tensorflow.org/tensorboard>`__ under the hood, and stores the logs to a directory (by default in ``lightning_logs/``).
```
how about linking the PyTorch tensorbord page which contains API documentation as well??

Reviewer 2: @SeanNaren

Reviewer 3: I think it would be good enough to just link the PyTorch Tensorboard page. As they have talked and linked Tensorboard on their page. @SeanNaren
